NAS-100502: Finish initial draft of ACME documentation (#1404)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/system.rst

requests. These certificates use an :ref:`ACME DNS` authenticator to
confirm domain ownership, then are automatically issued and renewed. To
create a new ACME certificate, go to
:menuselection:`System --> Certificates`,
click |ui-options| for an existing certificate signing request, and
click :guilabel:`Create ACME Certificate`.

.. _ACME_cert_fig:

.. figure:: images/system-acme-cert-add.png

   ACME Certificate Options

.. tabularcolumns:: |>{\RaggedRight}p{\dimexpr 0.22\linewidth-2\tabcolsep}
                    |>{\RaggedRight}p{\dimexpr 0.15\linewidth-2\tabcolsep}
                    |>{\RaggedRight}p{\dimexpr 0.62\linewidth-2\tabcolsep}|

.. _ACME Certificate Options:

.. table:: ACME Certificate Options
   :class: longtable

   +--------------------------------------+----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | Setting                              | Value          | Description                                                                         |
   +======================================+================+=====================================================================================+

>    | identifier                           | string         | Internal identifier of the certificate. Only alphanumeric, "_" and "-" are allowed. |

Reviewer: Spell out punctuation characters in addition to showing them.
```suggestion
   | identifier                           | string         | Internal identifier of the certificate. Only alphanumeric characters, dash (:literal:`-`) and underline (:literal:`_`) are allowed. |
```

   +--------------------------------------+----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | Terms of Service                     | checkbox       | Please accept terms of service for the given ACME Server.                           |
   +--------------------------------------+----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | Renew certificate day                | integer        | Number of days to renew certificate before expiring                                 |
   +--------------------------------------+----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

>    | ACME Server Directory URI            | drop-down menu | Please specify URI of ACME Server Directory.                                        |

Reviewer: This one seems out of character with the others:
```suggestion
   | ACME Server Directory URI            | drop-down menu | URI of the ACME Server Directory.                                        |
```

   +--------------------------------------+----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

>    | Authenticator for :samp:`{hostname}` | drop-down menu | Specify Authenticator to be used for :samp:`{hostname}`                             |

Reviewer: "hostname" is not clear here--is it a field name or contents? Where is it found or entered? Also, "specify" is not needed. "to be used" is future tense.
```suggestion
   | Authenticator for :samp:`{hostname}` | drop-down menu | Authenticator to use for :samp:`{hostname}`                             |
```

   +--------------------------------------+----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. index:: ACME DNS
.. _ACME DNS:

ACME DNS
--------

> Going to

Reviewer: This is past tense.
```suggestion
Go to
```

:menuselection:`System --> ACME DNS`

> and clicking :guilabel:`ADD` shows options to add a new DNS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and click :guilabel:`ADD` to show options to add a new DNS
```

authenticator to %brand%. This is used to create
:ref:`ACME Certificates` that are automatically issued and renewed
after being validated.

.. _ACME_DNS_fig:

.. figure:: images/system-acmedns-add.png

   DNS Authenticator Options

Enter a name for the authenticator. This is only used to identify the
authenticator in the %brand% |web-ui|. Choose a DNS provider and
configure any required :guilabel:`Authenticator Attributes`:

* **Route 53:** Amazon DNS web service. Requires entering an Amazon
  account :guilabel:`Access ID Key` and :guilabel:`Secret Access Key`.
  See the
  `AWS documentation <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_access-keys.html>`__
  for more details about generating these keys.

* **Hover:** `Commercial DNS Provider <https://www.hover.com/>`__. No
  additional attributes are required.

> Clicking :guilabel:`SAVE` registers the DNS Authenticator and adds it to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click :guilabel:`SAVE` to register the DNS Authenticator and add it to
```
